electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
frequency:0
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
wikipedia:en:Castle Frank (TTC)
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
layer:-1
wheelchair:yes
gauge:1495
railway:subway
voltage:600
electrified:rail


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:viaduct
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:2


tunnel:yes
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
layer:-1
gauge:1495
service:crossover
railway:subway
voltage:600
electrified:rail


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 1 Yonge-University
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:LIne 1 - Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-2


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-2
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
note:This portion of track was originally above ground in trench but later covered to make room for redevelopment
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Sheppard Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Sheppard Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
network:Toronto Transit Commission
name:Vincent Yard
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:siding
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
network:Toronto Transit Commission
name:Sheppard Line
note:Covered bridge
layer:-1
frequency:0
railway:subway


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
network:Toronto Transit Commission
name:Vincent Yard
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:siding
layer:1


tunnel:yes
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
network:TTC
frequency:0
name:Vincent Yard
layer:-1
gauge:1495
service:siding
railway:subway
voltage:600
electrified:rail


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
network:Toronto Transit Commission
name:Vincent Yard
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:siding
layer:1


tunnel:yes
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
name:Vincent Yard
layer:-1
gauge:1495
service:siding
railway:subway
voltage:600
electrified:rail


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Vincent Yard
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:siding
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
layer:-1
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
layer:-1
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
layer:-1
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:bing
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:bing
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:bing
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:bing
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
layer:-1
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
layer:-1
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
network:Toronto Transit Commission


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
network:Toronto Transit Commission


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
network:Toronto Transit Commission


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
network:Toronto Transit Commission


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
network:Toronto Transit Commission


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Lower Bay
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-4


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Lower Bay
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-4


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 1 Yonge-University
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 1 - Spadina Line Extension
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
network:Toronto Transit Commission


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
network:Toronto Transit Commission


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
layer:-1
gauge:1495
service:crossover
railway:subway
voltage:600
electrified:rail


tunnel:yes
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
layer:-1
gauge:1495
service:crossover
railway:subway
voltage:600
electrified:rail


tunnel:yes
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
layer:-1
gauge:1495
service:crossover
railway:subway
voltage:600
electrified:rail


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-2


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
bridge:yes
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:2


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tracks:2
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


tracks:1
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
bridge:yes
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:yes
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
bridge:viaduct
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:rough approximation from air photo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
network:Toronto Transit Commission
name:Vincent Yard
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:siding
layer:1


layer:1
frequency:0
tracks:2
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
bridge:yes
gauge:1435
service:crossover
railway:subway
voltage:600
electrified:rail


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
source:yahoo
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
source:bing
railway:subway
service:yard
frequency:0


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:bing
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
note:approximation
source:yahoo
frequency:0
railway:subway
service:yard


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
layer:-2
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
note:This portion of track was originally above ground in trench but later covered to make room for redevelopment
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
bridge:yes
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:2


tracks:2
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


construction:subway
railway:subway


tunnel:yes
layer:-1
railway:subway


railway:subway


railway:subway


railway:subway


tracks:2
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
bridge:yes
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tracks:2
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
bridge:yes
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tracks:1
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
bridge:yes
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
bridge:yes
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:2


tracks:1
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1435
bridge:yes
name:Scarborough RT
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Sheppard Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Sheppard Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Sheppard Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Sheppard Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-1
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Sheppard Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
network:Toronto Transit Commission
name:Sheppard Line
note:Covered bridge
layer:-1
frequency:0
railway:subway


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Sheppard Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 1 Yonge-University
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Lower Bay
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-3


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Lower Bay
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-3


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-3


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Lower Bay
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Lower Bay
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-3
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-3
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-3
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-3
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-3


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-3


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 1 Yonge-University
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 1 Yonge-University
frequency:0
railway:subway
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


electrified:rail
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
layer:-2
railway:subway
frequency:0
voltage:600
gauge:1495


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-2


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Yonge-University-Spadina Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-2


electrified:rail
network:Toronto Transit Commission
voltage:600
gauge:1495
railway:subway
frequency:0


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


tunnel:yes
electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Bloor-Danforth Line
network:Toronto Transit Commission
frequency:0
railway:subway
layer:-1


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
frequency:0
railway:subway
network:Toronto Transit Commission
operator:Toronto Transit Commission


electrified:rail
voltage:600
gauge:1495
name:Line 2 Bloor-Danforth
network:Toronto Transit Commission
railway:subway
frequency:0


